W&B Agent: Release (#2618)
wandb/docs: agent/governance.mdx

---
title: "Governance and security"

> description: "The following section describes how W&B Admins can control how your organization's data is used by W&B's AI features, including the W&B Agent."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how W&B Admins can control how your organization's data is used by W&B's AI features like the W&B Agent."
```

---

<Info>

> The following applies to Multi-tenant SaaS, Dedicated Cloud, and On-Prem customers that have signed an MSA with W&B. Contact your account executive or W&B support if you have questions about your MSA or data usage.

Reviewer 2: I would remove this `Info` section. It's not entirely correct

> W&B honors exsiting MSA agreements. If your organization has an MSA agreement that includes specific data usage terms, W&B will adhere to those terms in relation to the use of your organization's data for AI features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W&B honors existing MSA agreements. If your organization has an MSA agreement that includes specific data usage terms, W&B will adhere to those terms in relation to the use of your organization's data for AI features.
```
It's a miracle I spotted this typo!

> Contact your account executive or W&B support if you have questions about your MSA or data usage.

Reviewer: Worth a mailto link?

> [W&B Admins](/platform/hosting/iam/access-management-intro#manage-users-and-teams-within-an-organization) can control how your organization's data is used by W&B's AI features. Admins can choose to allow or disallow the following:

Reviewer 2: We should clarify that only enterprise customers are able to adjust these toggles OFF. Also expanding this to Pro tier since there has been push-back.

Free and academic users cannot turn off the toggles, it will just say "Upgrade to enterprise / contact support" on hover.

Another note is that for enterprise customers with a pre-existing custom MSA that does not allow for sending their data to AI models, using their data for product improvement, or training AI on their data, we will have these toggles locked OFF to respect their contract (admin cannot adjust the toggle settings unless they reach out to support to change their contract first). This will be important to security-conscious customers

Up-to-date doc: https://www.notion.so/wandbai/Agent-Data-Governance-330e2f5c7ef3801185f8d428ccbe141f

Author: Updated. Let me know what you think.

> * **Enable LLM-powered features**: Controls whether your organization's W&B data may be processed by OpenAI and/or Anthropic to power AI features.

Reviewer 2: This is what's in the UI right now, but we are changing the toggle language to be more general, following the recommendation from the legal team https://coreweave.atlassian.net/browse/WB-34102

<img width="726" height="206" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4219fe60-c7cc-4c81-ac79-a7bbe2616a05" />

---
title: "Governance and security"
description: "The following section describes how W&B Admins can control how your organization's data is used by W&B's AI features, including the W&B Agent."
---

<Info>
The following applies to Enterprise license and Pro plans.

Contact your account executive or W&B support if you have questions about your MSA or data usage.
</Info>

[W&B Admins](/platform/hosting/iam/access-management-intro#manage-users-and-teams-within-an-organization) can toggle settings to allow or disallow the following:

* **Enable AI-powered features**: Allow Customer Data to be processed by third parties to power AI features.
* **Use Customer Data for product improvement**: Allow W&B to use Customer Data to improve and build products. When off, data isn’t used by default, but users can still manually submit specific interactions through the UI.
* **Allow model training on Customer Data**: Allow W&B to use Customer Data to train AI models and improve performance over time.

<Note>

> W&B defaults these toggle to OFF for Enterprise users with a pre-existing custom MSA that does not allow for sending their data to AI models, using their data for product improvement, or training AI on their data.

Reviewer 2: This is a bit unclear, it sounds like all the toggles will be OFF for these customers. We should clarify that it could be just one toggle, two toggles, or all three toggles, depending on what is prohibited in their contract. For example, if their contract prohibits AI training but does not prohibit using their data for product improvement, then only the AI training toggle would be locked OFF, while the other two toggles could be adjusted.

One more note: For enterprise customers with pre-existing MSAs, even if this does not violate their contract, the default is OFF for the product improvement and AI training toggles, while default ON for the agent toggle. This changes at the time of renewal when they sign a new order form.

Attaching all the details in screenshot

<img width="776" height="785" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e1fac88e-bd64-4ebd-ae74-a062bc6c56bb" />

> An Org Admin cannot adjust these settings unless they reach out to support to change their contract first.

Reviewer 2: This is only true if it would violate their pre-existing contract
